this is our 2006 Dodge Charger it's an
r/t Daytona as you can see you've got
the r/t badge down there you've got the
flat black crosshair in the middle with
a mesh behind it fog lamps down in the
bottom of the front bumper there Daytona
has got this nice orange piece up in the
middle of the engine cover we see the
KNN stickers it does have a KN filter in
there and close this up
nice black hand headlamps we've just
actually added these wheels to it their
boss Motorsports black with the chrome
lip with the nxn and 3000 tires
these are 275 40 zr 20s of course it's a
5.7 liter Hemi got privacy glass sunroof
up top
the Daytona sticker on the back here the
flat black spoiler on the rear another
r/t badge see the dual exhaust there the
Daytona and the regular RT of a little
bit different exhaust from the factory
that Daytona is rated at an extra five
horsepower just because of the exhaust
and then we just had the resonators
removed on this exhaust system and I'll
start it up so you can hear it a second
large trunk you can see it's got the
cargo net in here it's just not
installed all the way across spare tire
underneath and they've actually
integrated the battery into the back
right here emergency release in case you
get locked in the trunk got the gas
struts on each side make it easy to open
and hold it open for you third brake
light right there
the wheel again of course you've got
this brakes at all four corners to move
inside nice two-tone interior for the
seating they went with a black leather
this one has the yellow stitching to
match the exterior it's got suede
inserts right here Daytona is
embroidered up there on the headrest
move inside you've got your cruise
control right there some nice white
gauge faces am/fm CD player with an
auxilary plug in all the heating air
conditioning controls are right here and
you do have two different settings one
for the driver one for the passenger a
little pocket right there
ashtray right there your seat heaters on
each side and there's two different
settings for those a high and a low
setting which is real nice little pocket
right here which is great for pens two
cupholders very large center console
close all that back up doesn't want to
close on me get that in a second I like
how they actually painted these pieces
inside to match the exterior looks real
good
you've got the black leather on the
steering wheel and the shift knob with
the yellow stitching again to match the
exterior it's a real nice car you can
actually see right there it's top banana
Daytona it says one two three seven dash
four thousand so I'm guessing it's
number 1237 of four thousand so it's
actually a rare car there should only be
four thousand out there Homelink auto
dimming rearview mirror you connect
here's your home link buttons the
controls for the sunroof sunglass holder
up top nice chrome door handles
alright I'm gonna start this up now
Daytona comes up on the dash right there
that sounds real good if you have any
questions about this car please give us
a call